Plane~1~You choose to leave the plane behind and anyone who might be in it. After walking for hours you come across a notable berry tree, which is strange because you are in a jungle. Where will you head now?~Tree
Plane~2~You decide to search through the plane and find a lone surivor! You can't tell if it is a man or a woman because you don't see gender that way, but you can tell that they're stuck! How do you react?~Survivor
Plane~3~You take a much needed nap after all that tiring crashing. After who knows how long you awake to a painful scrapes as you're dragged in a net by strange cat people. After hours of this nonsense you are released and stand to see a village of Norweigan forest cats. Baffled, your next action is.~Cats
Tree~1~You head South through all sorts of vines and bugs and whatnot. After hours of travel you peer over a hill to see a village of Norweigan Cats. You hop down and say "Greetings Felines, How do you do" They glare menacingly towards you, what is your next move?~Cats
Tree~2~You head East for about 20 feet and see a huge crashed boat, that's weird. You hop inside and are greeted by a ghost! He booos and wooos at you until you are thorougly scared and says "Foolish gender neutral character! Enjoy being my slave on this broken pirate ship for an eternity!" How do you proceed?~Burial
Tree~3~You head West for like, I don't know, 15 minutes? Suddenly you fall down a steep rumbly jungly hill and crash into a wall. Upon looking up you see the freighting green logo of a starbucks chain! You head inside and approach the cashier that appears to be a corgi. How many borks do you wish to give?~Starbucks
Tree~4~You venture North because you can see out of the forest in that direction. After about a minute of walking you exit the forest into a beautiful Norweigan pasture full of handsome red cows. How do you choose to approach these noble creatures?~Pasture
Pasture~1~You leave the pasture and head back into the jungle for some reason. Your sense of direction is pretty poor and you get lost and end up approaching a spooky broken pirate ship! You approach with caution and are greeted by a spooky pirate ghost! He demands you become his slave or face his wrath!~Burial
Pasture~2~You Pet one of the cows. He just so happens to be the mayor of this Cow commune and enjoys your petting so much that he declares you the dairy lama for al of time. You are forced...err...persuaded into petting cows for the rest of your time. This is the end of your journey, you didn't really win but I could imagine worse fates.~END
Pasture~3~You See a glass of milk sitting atop a pedastal that looks quite refreshing! You approach the milk and drink in one fell swoop. You whisper under your breath "See dad, I learned something at Dairy Farmer U". The Cows look at you angirly as if you just drank from their collective nipples, because you did. They slowly walk toward you and surround you on all sides. The guilt you feel causes you to collapse and die.~END
Starbucks~1~You bork once at the handsome corgi. He scuddles behind the counter and comes back holding a mocha frappe in his mouth. You grab the drink and sit down. As you sip on it you decide it's time you finally finish that novel you were always going to write. Hours turn to days, days to weeks, and weeks to years. You keep working and drinking Starbucks drinks, but never make any real progress. The corgis come and go, but your stories just get filled with nonsense that you force into your story, but never get into real content. This is your life now. Could you have done better? yes.~END
Starbucks~2~You bork twice at the good little boyo. He comes back holding an application in his mouth. You fill out the application and head outside. Your tremble and sweat as you fill with worry if you'll ever get a job. Maybe you are just a big dissapointment like your mother told you. The worker boye comes outside with an apron in his mouth. The job is yours! The rest of your days are spent working as a barista witha  dog as your supervisor. You despise him, but corgi boy has his own problems going on at home that you don't understand. This is not the ideal ending to your journey.~END
Starbucks~3~Three borks you give to the barista boye. He nuzzles a small shot glass filled with a strange green liquid unto the counter. You down it in one gulp and start to feel queesy and woosy. You slowly start to blackout and fall hard to the floor. When you awake you see metal bars on all sides, you begin to panic. Corgi boye comes trotting over and sees you're scared and nuzzles a mocha latte into the cage to calm you down. As you calm down and sip on the delicious beverage he pats your head and barks. You realize now as he's leaving for work that you just became a corgi's housepet. You worry about the life you could of had, but then start to worry more if your owner will ever come back.~END
Burial~1~You attempt to leave the ghostly ship, but the ghost stops you in your tracks. You may not leave.~Burial
Burial~2~You grab the sharpest stick you can find and prepare for a fight. The ghost tries to hit you, but narrowly misses. You thrust your sharp stick deep into the ghosts' ghostly head. It passes right through and does nothing. The ghost haunts you and spends the res of his days living through your body.~END
Burial~3~You challenge the ghost to a riddle, that seems like something a ghost would be into. He says he doesn't know any riddles, but has a question based on his heritage.~Cats
Burial~4~You accept a life of labor and love to your new ghostly captain. You both never sail anywhere since your ship is in the middle of a jungle, but you develop great muscle tone.~END
Cats~1~Startled, you attempt to fight off the clan of kittens in order to escape. They slowly start to unsheate their razor sharp claws. Your last few seconds are spent getting shred to bits by wild jungle cats.~END
Cats~2~These are some cool cats you've found. You decide that you could settle down here for awhile and enjoy yourself. After a year, of which you thought to be great time spend with your cat buddies, something strange happens. The cats approach and say "Look, you're great and all, but you don't really fit in here. We put it to a vote and we're going to banish you now" They knock you over the head with a club and drag you away. You awake scared and lonely, trapped in what appears to be the very same plane you arrived in. A stranger approaches, and it's a survivor from the plane crash! They seem angry that you left them.~Endish
Cats~3~For whatever reason you decide to steal a kitten from the tribe. The clan of cats go into a feral rage and begin foaming at the mouth. Scared beyond belief you sprint away trying to outrun them, a group of cats, you don't make it far before you're cornered.~Corner
Cats~4~You hate cats. Every time you touch one your allergies act up and it is beyond annoying. You instantly run away back toward where you came from. The cats are so lazy and confused that they don't really care to chase after you. You make it back to the tree you came from.~Tree
Corner~1~Realizing your mistake you return the kitten to the tribe. They appreciate the gesture, but assure you that you must be punished for your actions. You're forced into a life of spinning yarn for the cat tribe to play with. They aren't sure what to feed you so you die of malnourishment about two weeks after.~END
Corner~2~You try to defend the kitten. It's yours now, and you refuse to let any feral cats take it away from you. You kick and yell in a feeble attempt at defense, but it is no use. These cats are all trained in judo arts and dispose of you quickly.~END
Survivor~1~You free the person you have found and they thank you for your good deeding. After talking about the crash with them and how crazy it was they begin to grow bored of you. The person says "Look I appreciate the help, but I'm looking to survive with someone with a little more jungle life experience. Maybe we should just go our seperate ways." The realization that even the last person in existence might not tolerate you throws you into a spiriling depression.~END
Survivor~2~You really want to help them, but that seat they're stuck under sure looks heavy. If you throw out your back, how will you survive? You decide it's best they fend for themselves and you turn around and leave. The guilt of leaving them is causing you so much discomfort that you get a cramp and decide to sit down. Just as you plant your bum you begin to fall backward off the log into a nest of spiders. Your fear of spiders causes you to panic and pass out. You don't wake up.~END
Endish~1~You start to cry a little bit and plead with the person to help free you. You admit that you made a terrible mistake not looking for survivors a year ago when you crashed. The person is tired of your whining and frees you so that you'll stop. They decide to show you the strange door where they've made camp for the last year.~Door
Endish~2~You apoligize to the person for leaving them and hit them with a shit eating grin. They laugh and pat you on the head before turning around and leaving. You slowly begin to die in the very place where it all started.~END
Door~1~You attempt to open the door, but there is nothing of value inside. You spend the rest of your days mildly annoying your new partner. They tell you that they've heard stories from the locals of a spooky scroll that could change their fate forever.~END
Door~2~Your ghostly scroll begins to float in the air and make strange noises. Ethereal spirits begin to fly out in all directions and fly around above you! They begin to fly into the door causing it to glow a bit greener each time. After the final ghost flys in the glow begins to die down. You and your partner open the door and find that their is civilization on the other side! You move through and end up in Oslo! You don't understand or question this series of events, but accept that this is the best possible outcome from your jungle adventure~WIN
